Venezuela's current crisis is proof that
the more the government intervenes the
worse the situation will become this has
been documented all around the world
through the pages of history at this
time the government has gone beyond the
traditional measures into the extreme
meanwhile people are suffering
needlessly you came here for the truth
today once again we are going to talk
about Venezuela Venezuela is the crystal
ball for all of us out there wherever we
are if you're in the UK and Canada and
the US Australia somehow the majority
seems to believe that they are
impervious to all of these disasters
like being experienced in Venezuela
right now but that isn't the case let's
talk about how they have seized over 500
companies from all different Industries
I'm going to show you how ridiculous
this has become and the only part is
that it's so disastrous that's what's so
terrible about
this bicycles coffee medicine cell
phones Aerospace components petroleum
milk hotels Venezuela state run that
just upsets me every time I hear it no
matter where it's from
companies are producing a dizzying array
of products and services as the
Socialist Administration has morphed
into a sprawling conglomerate that would
be the Envy of any capitalist
and we all know what this is I mean give
it any name if you want to call it
fascism or whatever to me it doesn't
matter all I know is that as the
government gets bigger and bigger the
people get pushed down further further
and further that's just the way it is a
lot of people would give in and say you
know what I believe that this leader or
this guy whoever he is is going to do a
great job for me and so let him do what
he needs to do he's working hard he's
doing this and that let him do what he
needs to do and the more complacent
individuals become and the more
complacent individuals there are the
worse the situation is and this uh
Transparency International saying it
identified at least
511 companies that are either holy or
majority owned by the government 70% of
them are losing money and potentially
adding to the Venezuela's economic
meltdown now when you think about it 70%
of losing money well that's in their own
currency the currency itself is being
destroyed so they're all losing
money and this
they compare it actually here it's
prettyy interesting that trying
to you know the countries in the region
trying to say how many of them are
state-owned uh the companies are state
owned within that particular country
Venezuela right now is becoming
completely owned by the state as a
result though the people are being
ruined ruined completely
ruined let's just get into it I I just
want to show you this this is when you
know that they have gone you know out of
their minds it's not even about you know
trying to manage the system anymore like
the Federal Reserve is doing let's say
and they increase interest rates and
they decrease them or whatever I mean
this right here shows complete
Insanity facing a bread shortage and
this is what I've talked about before
I've heard from many individuals from
Venezuela living there right now that
have told me about this what's happening
and these articles are
accurate facing a bread shortage that is
spawning massive lines and souring the
national mood the Venezuelan government
is responding this week by
detaining
Bakers and seizing establishments think
about that you're a baker you make bread
you get up at 3:00 4:00 in the morning
you go to work you get there you make
your dough you put it out in the
storefront you hope that people come
into your business buy your bread so
that you can pay your bills so that you
can do what you need to do and they're
going to arrest you because you're
making bread because that's what they
deem is you know controversial illegal
whatever they're going to say at that
given time
this I mean I I can't believe it I'm
reading it but I can't believe
it anyway it basically says that they
seize these
Bakers and it's all part of this broad
economic War aimed at
destabilize this is what they're saying
anyway aimed at destabilizing the
country and I do believe that that that
is what's happening there's an
intentional destabilization occur
in fact all countries in one way or
another are trying to destabilize the
other it seems using uh currency warfare
using all types of schemes proxy wars
and everything
else this is what they're saying in a
statement the government said the Bakers
have been selling underweight
bread selling underweight bread okay and
we're using the price regulated flow
power to illegally make special items
like sweet rolls and
cants right maybe maybe that's
true
but the way that things are going you
know I don't think that's really don't
think that's the way it is this is a
strangle hold around the people of
Venezuela they are hurting so bad and
I'm going to continue to bring this
information
out to the
public what's happening now there is
what's going to happen if things don't
change it's going to happen in a lot of
different countries do not think you are
impervious to what is happening right
now you want to
invest you want to know where to put
your money people are telling me all the
time the stock market is doing well shut
your mouth you idiot you fear mongerer I
get it on every single video
now and my the amount of thumbs up
thumbs down I should say that I've been
getting well that's been increasing too
of course most people are giving me
thumbs up most people are likeminded we
know what's going
on but a lot of people are giving me
thumbs down too and those are probably
the same people who are commenting
saying
because they have their money in the
stock market that I am completely
oblivious to what's going on I don't
know anything well you know what why
don't you take your money and you invest
in the Venezuela stock market one of the
best
performing assets that you can get into
over the past few years I mean look at
that look at that dramatic increase why
not why not dump your money in in the
Venezuela stock market if you want that
risk
reward why not get
in that's my question to you I'm not
even saying anything that's my question
to you why not get in you love the stock
market so much you love investing you
don't think there is a global economic
collapse but you still watch my videos
every single time every
day so get in tell me if not then tell
me
why look at
this data showing the karacus stock
exchange posted the world's biggest
advents in
2016 why not get in you're talking about
the world's biggest events you're
missing out on the opportunity if you
are investing just in the S&P 500 just
in the NASDAQ did you get into Snapchat
well that's not in Venezuela you should
buy up the Venezuela stock market look
there's no global economic collapse get
in while you can the prices are rising
and Rising every
day
right right according to the Department
of agraculture
1.5 million
noncitizens receive food stamps in the
2015 fiscal year and 3.9 million citizen
children living with non-citizen adults
food stamp usage has grown in relation
to these terms specifically and while
the total number has come down a little
bit you're still talking about nearly 50
million people who need food stamps to
live then we look at the last issue here
that's Snapchat I've been covering it
for a little while and what I've seen
here is the possibility that this is a
pump and dump happening a little slowly
all I want to note as I've noted before
that is it real fundamental strengths or
is it just people chasing after
something that's what we need to know we
need to have this downa the system needs
to be understood and people need to
realize not to get in the getrich quick
schemes but we need some good solid
fundamentals behind our decisionmaking
some
knowledge if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
if you are heavily invested in the
Venezuela stock market then give me a
thumbs down